The hiring process is a difficult one for me to describe with any certainty
because I've gone through several and none of them I think has
been standard. In almost every case someone inside of the organization
to which I was being hired knew about me had asked me to join up
with that organization, the only difference would have been the when
I joined the marine corps in that case I just went and talked all
4 military recruiters, Air Force army navy and marine corps, and basically
ask them who will guarantee me a chance go to Vietnam. And the
marine corps was the ones who said "yeah if you join up you're going
to Vietnam" so that's all there is to it. But when I went into lawm
after I got out of law school at new practice with my father who
had practiced in Colorado springs for years, so there wasn't any hiring
process there, just and work with them. And when he passed away
I, you know, exactly what you saw was still practicing law in one of
my good friends from the reserve unit where I was working said "you
know I know you're not happy practicing law but why don't you join
mark Marietta and work for us on this technical project that requires
the kind of clearance you have". And so I said "well that's pretty
good I'll do that". So I went there. And then another friend of mine
from the, at mark Marietta who's also reservist said "you know they
need somebody out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory at Mark Marietta
to work out there went you see if they'll transfer you out there",
because my wife loves the ocean I thought well that's good will go
to Los Angeles and then she'll be able to go to the ocean more. So I
got that job because somebody suggested. And while I was at JPL, a
project came up that we were kind of briefed on, and we were working
on, and fellow who was in the project was the head of the high performance
computing center at Caltech, and he kinda liked me, so he said
"Dan, why don't you quit working at JPL for mark and other income
work for Caltech and help me run this supercomputing centers". So I
became the assistant director there, again a friend, and then on my
own kind of I got to know some people at University of Southern California
and one of them said, "why don't you come to university of Southern
California, we'll pay you more than cal tech does", which is
always an inducement. And so I did that and that worked out fine. And
then some people who knew me asked me to come try to get the high
performance computing center for the university of Hawaii, and I did
that so I worked out there for awhile and that that also was kind
of fun. And we got to got to do that, so I didn't really have a hiring
process in any of those I just kind of somebody grease the skids
for me and I got right in.